can anyone give me an example of
a myth or a story
they're afraid of
antlers tells the story of the native
american
mythology of the wendigo
the windigo is an allegory where there
is a
spirit that comes to reconcile what the
people
are doing incorrectly all this rage all
this abuse
incarnates it's like an invocation for
this creature
it's the windigo translates to a
diabolical wickedness that devours
mankind
the windigo myth was born out of this
notion that when the english
settled they cannibalized all of the
resources
leaving the native americans essentially
to starve
big bear got sick and his insides turned
black
our images of the vindigo it didn't
become just
allegories it actually started becoming
very very real
he's not dead he'll come for me
the destruction of families that was
always the analogy for the monsters
it's truly a powerful connection between
what we do to nature what we do to each
other
it is a metaphor made flesh
[Music]
you